Added MaxOpenRequests to kafka output config (#42515)
elastic/beats: libbeat/outputs/kafka/docs/kafka.asciidoc

The default is 3.
endif::[]

===== `max_open_requests`

The maximum number of unacknowledged requests the client will send on a single connection before blocking.

> This can improve throughput, but message ordering is not guaranteed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increasing this can improve throughput. If max_open_requests is not 1, there is a risk of message re-ordering due to retries. 
```

> Throughput can improve but message ordering is not guaranteed if Idempotent is disabled, see:

Reviewer: we dont expose idempotent as a setting and the default value for this also impacts message ordering so I think we can get rid of the comment about idempotent and message ordering?

Author: Removed reference to idempotent, but I think it's worth keeping the note about the impact on message ordering. If we aren't explicit about the lack of guarantee, it will be easy for someone to get the wrong idea
